[codelabs] update OTNS codelab to OTNS2 (#167)
openthread/ot-docs: site/en/codelabs/openthread-network-simulator/index.lab.md

$ cd otns
```

All subsequent console commands in this Codelab are run from the `otns` directory. 

### Bootstrap and Install

The `bootstrap` script will install dependencies (including Python3 and Go/Golang, if needed) and install OTNS.
It also builds the various OT node types that can be used directly in a simulation, and it performs some basic tests.
Due to the node builds, it can take several minutes.

```console
$ ./script/bootstrap
....
....
OTNS installed - use 'otns' to start it.
$
```

You might be asked to input a password for `sudo`.

### If `otns` is not properly installed

The script may report an error like:

```console
....
OTNS installed - please add ~/go/bin to your PATH variable first, to use it.
$
```

In this case, you need to add `$(go env GOPATH)/bin` to your `$PATH.`

> In case of other errors, a [Github issue](https://github.com/openthread/ot-ns/issues) can be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of other errors, a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/openthread/ot-ns/issues) can be created.
```

## Run OTNS For the First Time
Duration: 01:00

Run `otns`:

```console
$ otns
>_ ← OTNS-CLI prompt
```

When successfully started, OTNS will enter a CLI console (`OTNS-CLI`) and
launch a web browser for network visualization and management (`OTNS-Web`):

<img src="img/00_otns_web.png" alt="OTNS-Web window at start" width="624.00" />

**If you can only see a blank page for OTNS-Web, chances are WebGL is not

> enabled in your browser. Please refer to**

Reviewer: Can you clean up this paragraph while you're at it, please.  Should just be a single bold around the whole thing, and needs a space between "to" and the link.

$ cd otns
```

All subsequent console commands in this Codelab are run from the `otns` directory. 

> ### Bootstrap and Install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bootstrap and install
```

The `bootstrap` script will install dependencies (including Python3 and Go/Golang, if needed) and install OTNS.
It also builds the various OT node types that can be used directly in a simulation, and it performs some basic tests.
Due to the node builds, it can take several minutes.

```console
$ ./script/bootstrap
....
....
OTNS installed - use 'otns' to start it.
$
```

You might be asked to input a password for `sudo`.

### If `otns` is not properly installed

The script may report an error like:

```console
....
OTNS installed - please add ~/go/bin to your PATH variable first, to use it.
$
```

In this case, you need to add `$(go env GOPATH)/bin` to your `$PATH.`

In case of other errors, a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/openthread/ot-ns/issues) can be created.

> ## Run OTNS For the First Time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run OTNS for the first time
```

```console
> add fed
2
Done
> add med
3
Done
> add sed
4
Done
```

Wait a few seconds for nodes to merge into one partition. You should see the
nodes in `OTNS-WEB`:

<img src="img/02_4n.png" alt="Thread Network with 4 nodes" width="720" />

> aside positive
>
> **Tip:** The green line between nodes indicates that the nodes are linked and
the Leader is the parent of the FED, MED, and SED.

Also in `OTNS-Web`, it's possible to select any of the nodes to get a panel with more information about the node. 
For example, in the below figure node 1 is selected. The "Role" entry in the panel confirms that it is a Leader.

<img src="img/03_4n_select1.png" alt="Thread Network with 4 nodes, node 1 is selected" width="720" />

> aside positive
>
> **Tip:** The selected node is highlighted using a green dashed square and green circle.

### Add nodes by `OTNS-Web`

You can also add nodes through `OTNS-Web`. Click the `New Router` button of the
`Action Bar`. You should see a node being created to the right of the selected node.
The new router should join the existing Thread partition:

<img src="img/04_5n_add_router.png" alt="A Router is added, total 5 nodes" width="720" />

> Also click the FED, MED, SSED and BR buttons on the Action Bar to create these other types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also click the FED, MED, SSED, and BR buttons on the Action Bar to create these other types
```

of nodes. There should now be 9 nodes in total.
If you want, drag some nodes around to other positions, to create a different physical network topology.

<img src="img/05_9n_add_multiple.png" alt="Multiple new nodes added, total 9 nodes" width="720" />

> aside positive
>
> **Tip:** A blue line between Leader, Router and FEDs indicates that they're linked.

> > Blue indicates it is not a Parent/Child link, but other: for example Router-to-Router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Blue indicates it is not a Parent/Child link, but something else, such as a Router-to-Router link.
```

the other Routers, it forms its own partition with a new Partition ID. The Partition IDs can be checked 
on the node information panel by clicking the nodes.

<img src="img/10_9n_move_router_away.png" alt="Node 5 is moved away from the other nodes and forms a new partition" width="720" />

Note that a single green line is still drawn between node 5 and node 9. This is often due to stale information about a 
child, which is still kept in the child table of a former parent. Or it could be stale information about the former 
router-to-router link between node 9 and node 5. (Or possibly, in this case, even a rendering bug.) 
Eventually, stale information is cleaned up on the nodes after the appropriate timeout.

## Delete Nodes
Duration: 01:00

### Delete nodes through `OTNS-CLI`

Delete node 5:

```console
> del 5
Done
```

Node 5 should disappear from the simulation:

<img src="img/11_8n_del_router.png" alt="Node 5 is deleted from the simulation" width="720" />

### Delete nodes through `OTNS-Web`

Select the Border Router node 9 and click the
<img src="img/7ff6afd565f4eafc.png" alt="Delete button" width="55.25" />
button on the `Action Bar` to delete node 9:

> <img src="img/12_7n_del_br.png" alt="Border Router node 9 is deleted" width="642.12" />

Reviewer: I would make the width here consistent with the others, otherwise they are all fine

7657544 00:00:06.367 [D] Mac-----------: | 1C 1E 26 9B 8D 21 2E 65 | 53 5A 43 4E A2 59 D6    | ..&..!.eSZCN.Y.  |
7657544 00:00:06.367 [D] Mac-----------: ------------------------------------------------------------------------
7657544 00:00:06.367 [I] MeshForwarder-: Received IPv6 UDP msg, len:84, chksum:81e6, ecn:no, from:4e51769e335a7446, sec:no, prio:net, rss:-48.0
7657544 00:00:06.367 [I] MeshForwarder-:     src:[fe80:0:0:0:4c51:769e:335a:7446]:19788
7657544 00:00:06.367 [I] MeshForwarder-:     dst:[ff02:0:0:0:0:0:0:2]:19788
7657544 00:00:06.367 [D] Mac-----------: Idle mode: Radio receiving on channel 11
7833912 00:00:06.543 [I] Mle-----------: AttachState ParentReq -> Idle
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] RouterTable---: Allocate router id 12
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 fffe -> 3000
7833912 set node RLOC16: fffe -> 3000
7833912 00:00:06.543 [D] SubMac--------: RadioShortAddress: 0x3000
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> leader
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] Mle-----------: Partition ID 0x24c35f10
7833912 00:00:06.543 [I] RouterTable---: Route table
7833912 00:00:06.543 [I] RouterTable---:     12 0x3000 - me - leader
```

> The absolute simulation time in microseconds is shown on the left. The hh:mm:ss timestamp shows the OpenThread node's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The absolute simulation time in microseconds is shown on the left. The `hh:mm:ss` timestamp shows the OpenThread node's 
```

own log timestamp, which may differ from the absolute simulation time. 

### Wireshark Packet Captures

By default, all transmitted IEEE 802.15.4 frames are captures in the PCAP file `current.pcap`. This file can be read 
by [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/) during or after the simulation. Due to the link-layer encryption of 
Thread, a one-time configuration action in Wireshark is needed to set the decryption key for OTNS properly. By 
default, one well-known Network Key is used so that frame decryption by Wireshark is made easy.

See the below screenshot for an example of OpenThread packet inspection in Wireshark.

<img src="img/13_wireshark.png" alt="Screenshot of OpenThread packet analysis in Wireshark" width="720" />

> To configure the decryption key, select in the menu Edit -> Preferences. Then in the preferences window, select 
> Protocols -> IEEE 802.15.4. Click the `Edit...` button next to "Decryption Keys". Click `+` to create a new entry 
> and enter the key `00112233445566778899aabbccddeeff` (32 characters) and select "Thread hash" in the "Key hash" field. 
> The "Decryption key index" can be left to `0`. Then click `OK`, and `OK` again. Now the OTNS PCAP file should 
> properly decrypt when loaded. 

Reviewer: Menus and buttons should be in bold.

```suggestion
To configure the decryption key, select in the menu **Edit -> Preferences**. Then in the preferences window, select 
**Protocols -> IEEE 802.15.4**. Click the **Edit...** button next to "Decryption Keys". Click **+** to create a new entry 
and enter the key `00112233445566778899aabbccddeeff` (32 characters) and select "Thread hash" in the "Key hash" field. 
The "Decryption key index" can be left to `0`. Then click **OK**, and **OK** again. Now the OTNS PCAP file should 
properly decrypt when loaded. 
```

>
```

An alternative way to exit node context is the `node 0` command.

> ## Viewing Node Logs and Packet Captures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Viewing node logs and packet captures
```

7657544 00:00:06.367 [I] MeshForwarder-: Received IPv6 UDP msg, len:84, chksum:81e6, ecn:no, from:4e51769e335a7446, sec:no, prio:net, rss:-48.0
7657544 00:00:06.367 [I] MeshForwarder-:     src:[fe80:0:0:0:4c51:769e:335a:7446]:19788
7657544 00:00:06.367 [I] MeshForwarder-:     dst:[ff02:0:0:0:0:0:0:2]:19788
7657544 00:00:06.367 [D] Mac-----------: Idle mode: Radio receiving on channel 11
7833912 00:00:06.543 [I] Mle-----------: AttachState ParentReq -> Idle
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] RouterTable---: Allocate router id 12
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 fffe -> 3000
7833912 set node RLOC16: fffe -> 3000
7833912 00:00:06.543 [D] SubMac--------: RadioShortAddress: 0x3000
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> leader
7833912 00:00:06.543 [N] Mle-----------: Partition ID 0x24c35f10
7833912 00:00:06.543 [I] RouterTable---: Route table
7833912 00:00:06.543 [I] RouterTable---:     12 0x3000 - me - leader
```

The absolute simulation time in microseconds is shown on the left. The `hh:mm:ss` timestamp shows the OpenThread node's 
own log timestamp, which may differ from the absolute simulation time. 

> ### Wireshark Packet Captures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Wireshark packet captures
```
